Add the EoL announcement to the front page. (#4)
NLnetLabs/opendnssec-website: website/index.md

OpenDNSSEC is a policy-based zone signer that automates the process of keeping track of DNSSEC keys and the signing of zones. The goal of the project is to make DNSSEC easy to deploy. The project is Open Source and intends to drive adoption of Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) to further enhance Internet security.

## End-of-Life Roadmap for OpenDNSSEC

> On 2025-10-03 the end-of-life roadmap for OpenDNSSEC was [announced](https://www.nlnetlabs.nl/news/2025/Oct/03/opendnssec-eol-announcement/). From October 2027, OpenDNSSEC reaches its official End-of-Life and no further updates or support will be provided. Until then no new features will be developed, only critical bug fixes and security updates will be released. Users are encouraged to begin evaluating [Cascade](https://blog.nlnetlabs.nl/cascade/), our upcoming DNSSEC signing solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From October 2027, OpenDNSSEC reaches its official End-of-Life and no further updates or support will be provided. From October 2025, no new features will be developed, only critical bug fixes and security updates will be released. More information is available as part of [the end-of-life roadmap for OpenDNSSEC](https://www.nlnetlabs.nl/news/2025/Oct/03/opendnssec-eol-announcement/), that was announced on October 3, 2025. Users are encouraged to begin evaluating [Cascade](https://blog.nlnetlabs.nl/cascade/) as the successor DNSSEC signing solution to OpenDNSSEC and plan for a migration.
```
